feat: set required approvals use case (#90)
reviewpad/docs: docs/use-cases/set-required-approvals/index.mdx

---
title: "Set Required Approvals"
id: "set-required-approvals"
slug: "/use-cases/set-required-approvals"
---

import CodeBlock from "@theme/CodeBlock";
import Example from "!!raw-loader!./example.yml";

In GitHub, repository administrators can require that all pull requests receive a specific number of approving reviews before someone merges the pull request into a protected branch.

However, we may only want to set a specific number of approving reviews from a specific group of users depending on the scenario.

> Here's an example of a `reviewpad.yml` configuration file that verifies if a pull request has at least 2 approving reviews from the `core` team provided that the pull request contained changes to critical code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use Reviewpad to verify if a pull request has the required number of approvals from a specific team.

Here's an example of a `reviewpad.yml` configuration that verifies if a pull request has at least 2 approvals from the core team core when changes are critical.
```
